Static instrumenter - core (#236)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-contrib: static-instrumenter/README.md

Module enhancing OpenTelemetry Java Agent for static instrumentation. The modified agent is capable of instrumenting and saving a new JAR with all relevant instrumentations applied and necessary helper class-code included.

> In order to statically instrument a JAR, modified agent needs to be both attached (`-javaagent:`) and run as the main method (`io.opentelemetry.contrib.statical.instrumenter.Main` class).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to statically instrument a JAR, modified agent needs to be both attached (`-javaagent:`) and run as the main method (`io.opentelemetry.contrib.staticinstrumenter.Main` class).
```

Author: +1
